eighteen-year-old due to tori is not
like most soccer players in fact if you
asked him he'd tell you the same I would
say I'm different I mean we so there's
so many strikers have different asset I
I have a little bit of everything he can
shoot score pass and maybe most uniquely
to Ray holds a Mauritanian passport he
moved from western Africa to the US when
he was 13 and after a short stint in a
Mexican pro league he's found himself in
Vancouver with the whitecaps residency
team looking ahead to the potential of
next season yeah that's definitely
something that I will have I would love
to do because i have almost all of my
fans back home in Atlanta just waiting
for me to break through big stage so
that you know they can come out and
support her tour a skill has caught the
eye of Whitecaps men's coach Taylor
thoresen but the caps bench boss is not
quite ready to anoint the young striker
a superstar he is a his a big talent he
has a lot of good tools but he also has
a lot to develop you know he has to
develop his technique and his his
tactical skills so so that is a very
important thing when you come to a
higher level the residency team is
grooming Tory but he's not quite there
yet according to the assistant coach no
I don't I don't want to call due to a
superstar I just hope that he he looks
after the areas of his game that he
needs to improve on and get himself to
the next level you look for that it
factor yeah he has that and sometimes
you can't coach that the stuff that he
has as a sixteen-year-old Toure was
signed to a developmental contract with
the MLS's FC Dallas and while they opted
not to join the team he still values the
experience I mean I guess it's helped a
lot because it shows that I'm I have the
ability to play in the next level after
a long and traveled road doot-doot array
has found himself in quite the situation
here in Vancouver with the Whitecaps a
star player on the residency team and a
player with plenty of potential but lots
of room to grow if he wants to take his
game to the next level one thing though
seems for certain we haven't heard the
last of this player she/he dev ji in
burnaby four bcit magazine